---
ID: 31
post_title: Kinky sex with trans guys
author: Jack
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://eggplant.m4ftm.com/wp/hooking-up/kinky-sex-with-trans-guys/
published: true
post_date: 2019-09-21 19:31:53
---
<p id="mcetoc_1dl0chjtb0">
  Some specific preferences and kinks might require modification to do with a trans guy. Here are some activities I see come up as desires on apps and websites with thoughts on how to adapt them to a trans guy.
</p>

## General kink guidelines {#mcetoc_1dl0chjtb1} Fetlife ("the facebook of sex") should be considered as an option if you need advice. There are hundreds of very active forums on every fetish, with people of all genders and orientations active. As with anything you read on the internet, take everything with a grain of salt and use judgement. The more risky an activity, the more the onus is on both of you to understand all the variables involved in order to make decisions regarding your activities. 

**Dirty rough sex** can be a good time when everyone is into it, but a few words of discussion in advance can keep things fun. Make sure he knows what he's getting into when you are chatting online, by text or face-to-face. If you like to use or hear words that are (or may be perceived to be) gendered or carry gendered connotations, mention these to him in advance so he doesn't lose his boner while one of you is pounding away. Examples: bitch, pussy, manpussy, rape, titties, etc. **Sounding** (inserting objects into the urethra): This can be done on a female urethra (no surgical procedure done to modify it). Often silicone sounds (or catheters) instead of steel sounds are used because they are flexible. Cleanliness is extremely important as the short piss tube can get infections more easily. If your guy has had a surgical intervention to extend the length of his urethra to allow him to piss out of it, he can fill you in on the details of how this might work for him. **CBT** (cock and ball torture): If your partner is interested in this, he very likely has some ideas about this. But a devious top can try impact play, needles, clamps, weights, chemicals, bondage (depending on anatomy), electricity, saline infusions, ice, wax, or anything else they have the equipment and competence to perform. If you have safety concerns, read a reputable book or website aimed at straight people or lesbians, or consult your local straight/pan leather scene if one exists. The one thing cis men have that is difficult to replace in trans men (unless they've had implants) is balls. As far as I can make out, there is no real equivalent to balls stretchers, parachutes, and other such equipment. Squeezing, kicking or otherwise manipulating the cuntlips doesn't exactly pack the same *oomph* as doing the same to nads. Someone suggested to me that you could [infuse saline into the labia][1] to create temporary balls, but I have never done it or heard a first person account of this so with reagrds to CBT I don't know how it would work out. If you are a CBT top looking for ideas, check out [the materials from a 2010 workshop by Lee Harrington][2] on the subject of horrible things you can do to a trans man's junk. **Pumping**: It's pretty common for trans guys to [pump their cocks][3], to make them bigger and more sensitive. If this is something you enjoy, ask your partner, because he might have his own equipment, which can be [purchased or made at home][4]. He might also have cock rings. **Group sex, public sex, bathhouses, sex parties, back rooms and orgies**: Depending on the local scene, this could be a good or bad experience for you and your fuck buddy. Different gay spaces can be anywhere from welcoming to dangerous for trans men. You should ask around to take the temperature if you want to bring him somewhere.Call or email the venue to see if they have any policies on the matter. If you live in a reasonably-sized city where you frequent locations and events such as these but you don't see trans men there, you should think *why* that is the case. There is probably a reason! It might help if he has ID with his male name and sex marker. He might know other trans gay/bi/pan guys who can give him the lay of the land, if he doesn't already know. When bringing a trans guy into a new environment, you'd be a good buddy to keep your eyes open for him in case someone feels offended by his labia or whatever it is that makes cis guys afraid of us. <del>there was a picture here</del> **Chastity**: There are chastity devices designed for female bodies, although because of anatomical differences they lack the deviousness of some of the penis-based ones. Trans guys with relatively large cocks, or who've had surgery, might be able to make something, or have something custom made though. **Gender play**: If you enjoy some kind of gender bending in your sex life, you should mention it to your partner before pulling it out, to avoid tripping on a landmine and accidentally upsetting him. He might be totally down for it, but you should check first just to be safe. **Nipple play:** Men who have had surgery on their chests may have had nipple sensation reduced or completely gone. Some trans guys don't like having their chests touched or undressed whether they have had surgery or not. They will probably tell you this, but you can always ask to be safe. **Fisting, handballing, other large insertions****: ** As bottoms, an FTM can learn to take a hand or an arm in the ass as easily as any other man, which is to say some can and do and some can't and/or don't. Some trans men can take a hand or two in the front hole. Since that hole is a closed pouch rather than an endless tube, there is a limit to the depth of insertions. Some can do neither, or both, or both at the same time! As tops, FTMs tend to have smaller hands, which some bottoms appreciate. <del>there was a picture here</del> **Watersports:** On the receiving end I don't think anything should be different, but many trans men haven't had surgery to be able to pee through a flesh tunnel (although some have). There are two ways trans men use to pee if they have their original plumbing. Some use only one and others use both: 
*   Sit on the toilet like we learned when we were toilet training
*   Use some sort of "stand to pee" device, which can be homemade, [purchased cheaply][5] or you can drop some cash and get a [really realistic one][6]

<del>there was a picture here</del> If you want a trans guy to piss on you or in you, he can do so with the aid of a device, or without. Without a device we will probably stand over you. You may apply your mouth directly over the urethra, whose location is variable between the front hole and the clit. There is also a technique that involves pulling the labia and pissing really hard which reportedly directs urine in a stream away from the body, but I have not mastered this. One way or another I suggest the bathtub.

 [1]: http://www.xtube.com/video-watch/FTM-saline-infusion-19609382
 [2]: http://passionandsoul.com/journal/ftm-cbt
 [3]: http://www.xtube.com/video-watch/Ftm-Cock-Pump-20494632
 [4]: http://transguys.com/features/ftm-pumping-primer
 [5]: http://www.ftmessentials.com/collections/stp-devices
 [6]: http://transthetics.com/shop/